---
title: I.T lesson 7-11-16- Horatio Holloway
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /i.t-lesson-7-11-16--horatio-holloway/
source-id: 1hWbr-9SNGcKkQQQpkFfcy6uwWMlYZoBKUMx2nPY3pcI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My lesson reflection</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7-11-16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Blog post lesson today</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>It was a blog lesson today, so the fuze box target couldn't be reached. However my target for the blog is to get the tables sorted out.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes for the most part. Couldn’t get the table background colour to change, no matter what I tried for about 25 minutes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The blog today will be about my blogging setup and style for the last 6 weeks; and, how I learned from the lesson (as usual). The things I did well with my blog writing was I tried to make it have some personality at least, and I put 15 minutes or more into each blog post.
Aside from my table colour, I feel the color scheme is quite nice and easy on the eye. The big thing I learned is how to make the tables work in my blog, but it hasn't worked perfectly for me, so I don’t think I took all the information in, perhaps because I lost concentration for a little bit.
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of biggest mistakes for blogging in the last few weeks is that I put in a varied amount of time and effort into my work depending on how I feel, eg: If I’m tired or energetic, Sad or happy. This was probably my only big writing mistake. Mt big layout mistake was not having the tables working since I didn’t have the correct code. Once I got it up this morning, I spent almost half an hour trying to change the colours, but had no success with the background colour.
 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by
A. Being very consistent with my effort, 30 minutes each time.
B. Never lose concentration at any point
C. Saying If you don’t understand</td>
  </tr>
</table>


