---
title: Copy of I.T lesson 5-12-16 Horatio Holloway
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /copy-of-i.t-lesson-5-12-16-horatio-holloway/
source-id: 1AfhfABX4nwkbZXl1SK7uaRJjI9TOYjfJ0GcMbjequLI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Sign off on I.T for a while, coding a robot lesson.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13-12-16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>This was a non-fuze box lesson, so there was no starting point</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make a compromise on how to spend my time in the hour</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, but it doesn't really apply in this lesson in the same context, as e did a programming game instead.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Never expect\ask for a game in the last lesson of term. Someone did and nearly had to write an essay instead of doing the coding game the rest of us did. So that is definitely a note to self. The game we played was a coding came called 'lightbot', where a robot has to light up certain squares on a 3D map using simple picture code instructions, like an arrow. The maps and code become more complex as they go on, as you’d expect. The lesson didn’t exactly get off to a model start, as the lightbot game didn’t load properly After 10 minutes of trying to figure out why, on 3 different monitors, I found a solution. Well, someone else did, then showed me. I went on to a different website which had the game on, and it worked for me there. I learnt that it is important to persevere (which has already been told to me 1,000,000 times). I got through the first world and half way through the second one without too much trouble, but on stage 2, level 5, I got stuck. After about 10 minutes of attempts, my guy got just past the halfway point in the course, but one of the boxes for code was full (the mechanics of the game were kind of complicated by this point, and quite difficult to explain, so I’ll just say that if the top box is full (which mine was), the code has to be done, which it wasn’t). But after another frantic 10 minutes of attempting and changing symbols/where they go, I made no real progress. So I looked what level my partner was on, which turned out to be the same one as me. However, he had only started. We worked together on mine since was closer to getting it, and eventually got the answer  by this point I was about to give up, so that’s why persevering is what I did well).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was told by the teacher when I was sitting doing nothing after I couldn’t get the game too work on my first computer to always being tying something else if the first thing didn’t work, so I need to work on preserving as well as being good at it, which is ironic and doesn't make much sense. I also spun around too much in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Keep on trying, even if you really feel like giving up
Just because chairs have wheels, you don’t need to constantly use them.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


Footnote: This is the last I.T blog I'll be doing until the beginning of the summer term, so this is me out. Might do a blog on something else at some point maybe, but for now, byeeeeeeeee.

