---
title: I.T lesson 28-11-16 Horatio Holloway
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /i.t-lesson-28-11-16-horatio-holloway/
source-id: 1sMoW1xSA6dlUnz8oFjgkp40TaDz9MqroxJWRj70vVj4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My lesson reflection</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28-11-16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Project 1 round up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Keep still and concentrate.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I would say so. My ordinary partner wasn't here so I worked with someone else.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>That I need to take in more rather than just understanding it. More information on that in  what limited my learning. I think what I did well was since I was with a new person, I could have spent most of the lesson trying to figure out what exercises to do and how to do it. This wasn't the case however, as I got straight to the work and I did quite a lot of work in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I've mentioned this in a past blog, but it became even more clear today, as when my teacher stated that we needed to use the code to create our own program, I realised immediately that I wouldn’t get very far in creating it. Another thing I need to work on is not typing, and if it works, moving on quickly after. This is linked to the first point, as they are both to do with slowing down and actually taking things in. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Really take things slowly and take them in, don’t move on until you understand it, know why you did the exercise, why the code worked and how you could use it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


