---
title: I.T lesson 21-11-16 - Horatio Holloway
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /i.t-lesson-21-11-16---horatio-holloway/
source-id: 1Je5BLpBhr8lk2xE8j5xjCyzG2k7W_8wxzpVMfGl08Ik
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21-11-16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Keeping concentration</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No. The lesson today was run by someone else, and wasn't very interactive, so I found it hard to concentrate unfortunately, which wasn’t good.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The majority of the lesson was listening so there was hardly any work. The strategies that worked were keeping still, which I did successfully this time, asking others for help and how they were doing, to see whether could help them to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Once I had to get working near the end of lesson I realised I had taken almost nothing in. So I was a little clueless. I definitely need to working on not drifting 0ff…                





Another thing I definitely should work on is asking questions. Quite often I have a question I need to ask, but when the teacher asks if there are any questions I usually stay silent. I think this is either because I don't have the confidence or that it’s possibly a stupid question and subconsciously I don’t really want to ask it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Don’t drift off and stay focused, even if your bored.
Have more confidence.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


