---
title: Blog Post 24-04-17
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /blog-post-24-04-17/
source-id: 19Sscmglnmf-IbI2sbugMHUs1qYCk2CNMyNSdMvtN72Q
published: true
---
Today was my first lesson of I.T for a few months, since I had drama in the spring term. The lesson began very badly as when we went onto Codecademy, it wouldn't allow me to start the Python course. After trying to get to the start screen up a few more times and failing, I went to another computer. I regret the decision to try it over and over again as I feel it was a waste of time, which probably contributed to me not getting as far as I would have liked to through the course. I faced more problems when my sign in didn’t work on the other computer. I went back to my original computer to Reset my password. This turned out to be a good decision because after I reset the password, the python course worked on my old computer.

By this point it was half way through the lesson and I hadn't started, so I tried to make as much headway as I could, and eventually got to 4.5%. I think I worked quite efficiently when I could and understood almost all of the code logic it explained. I have a few points for improvement though. 

-Try not to use the hint, think a bit more about how you could solve it before getting help

-Only talk when you need to

Although I wasn't talking constantly, I probably could and should have talked to the people beside me a bit less. Half of that was asking them for help however, but I should wait a bit longer before asking for help in future lessons.

Cheers, Raish

