---
title: I.t lesson 15-05-17
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /i.t-lesson-15-05-17/
source-id: 1npLtWXvkEt5NwxP9ldNJ3N-RaZHQf8dzr2VKNKa1hvU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Same-old, Same-old</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15-05-17
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>About 14 % through exercises</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get to 20%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, but got to 19%
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Same as usual really. I asked some people for help and tried to use my own initiative for some problems. I found myself getting into harder and harder work which meant I didn't really understand much and had to ask for help quite a lot. The only place I feel I did well today was when I was working on editing my Github page. I asked for advice but used my own knowledge and common sense (and much to my surprise, all of the memory of what I learnt back in September) to edit and (in my opinion) improve it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said (above) I don’t feel I had a very productive lesson with CodeAcademy today. First, I spent the first about 15 minutes of the lesson editing my blog design and I would’ve spent longer If it weren’t that the teacher commented on someone else doing it, saying that he should do it at happen. This obviously took a considerable amount of time from the lesson, cutting down the possible maximum amount of progress I could make that lesson. I also found myself a bit out of my depth with the Boolean exercises and was constantly asking for  help. This didn’t help because I didn’t really know what I was doing and wasn’t 'really’ making any progress because I wasn’t learning/understanding what I was completing.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Understand that making slow progress but understanding it is more important than getting through exercises.
Do CodeAcademy in the lesson, do blog editing at home. 

The irony is that just before writing this I've re-edited it making everything I did in the lesson pretty pointless.

Thanks, Raish-04</td>
  </tr>
</table>


