---
title:  I.t lesson 13-06-17
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /-i.t-lesson-13-06-17/
source-id: 14CnmnzpTjKpyBDWM_pmRERnvYFNhypzLQoPonx57K9U
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Tough Evaluations and Blog editing</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13-06-17
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>19% through exercises and on tho the overall and final evaluation and reminder of everything we've done in the topic.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get to 25%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, The exercise proved a lot harder than I anticipated. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Year 7 Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I am definitely repeating myself most weeks, but today was a little different. This is mainly because today's lesson consisted of the hardest exercise I’ve done to date. The reasons that I found it so challenging are that it was a round-up exercise and contained a lot of coding skills that i was rusty on and that it was quite a complicated, detailed, confusing exercise. On the theme of my target from last lesson (to admit defeat), after a few attempts using every bit of knowledge I knew/could remember. After a few people who tried to help got stuck like me, i worked with someone who had completed recently and understood what I was doing whilst completing the exercise. THis was helpful as admitting defeat on this one particular exercise allowed me to go on to go quickly through the exercises afterwards.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopelessness. I find that sometimes I give up (which is different from admitting defeat) when exhausted of a difficult problem, which I will change in future. Although my work ethic is often based on my mood at the time, I will still try and become a bit better at self-motivation in things I’m not as good at (like I.t).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>-Not give up easily when faced with something hardly anyone (including me obviously), can’t solve.

-Self motivate more in activities I’m worse at.

Note (I forgotten to add badges I’ve got in the past weeks, I’ll try and add them below….)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


