---
title: I.t blog 20-06-17
layout: post
author: horatio.holloway
permalink: /i.t-blog-20-06-17/
source-id: 11FsQRVyZ4IEGG0FBOuMtG3-_5g2jKe1fAEWfJJ1biRw
published: true
---
**I.t lesson 20-06-17**

The I.t lesson this week made it undeniable that I am slowly but surely going further out of my depth when it comes to coding. The exercises on pig latin though not particularly difficult within themselves, they proved that despite my efforts to take things in I've got to a point where I’m asking help for things like where to inverted commas or how to create a variable every other exercise. These last two sentences make my situation sound worse than it is, but my inability to process information in today's lesson made my slow coding development. How I attempt to deal with this problem is another matter,

One of the positives, and one of the things that will hopefully speed up and further improve my understanding, is that I stuck to my past targets. EG: slow down and try to take things in, try not to become hopeless, etc. Although these targets didn't exactly get me very far, at least it shows they are not obsolete. I tend to overcompensate when it comes to my targets, which I will try to do in future, which is ironic, given that that means that not overcompensating with targets is now a target. 

Another positive that came out of today is also that I am getting better at helping and explaining exercises to the people who are behind me. Although this is not directly useful, it shows that I at least have a basic understanding of python.

Thanks, raish-04 

